[OKTA-725988] Schemas API Vuepress page deprecation (#4947)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/groups/index.md

```
##### Custom Profile Properties

> You can extend Group Profiles with custom properties, but you must first add the properties to the Group Profile schema before they can be referenced. You can use the Profile Editor in the administrator UI or the [Schemas API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Schema/) to manage schema extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can extend Group Profiles with custom properties, but you must first add the properties to the Group Profile schema before you can reference them. Use the Profile Editor in the Admin Console or the [Schemas API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Schema/) to manage schema extensions.
```
